README.md, before:

# Contains

Contains - A command line tool to check if words exists in a text.

# Synopsis

```
contains [ OPTIONS ] < WORDS >
```

# Description

Contains  is  a  command  line tool to check if given words exists in a text and return a exit code depending on the result. It is  created  in order to simplify bash scripts.

# Options

```
  --any  Exit with status code 0 if any of the words matched.

  -f, --file
        Reads from file instead of standard input.

  -h, --help
        Prints help text for youtube-search.
```


# Exit Status

The  following are all the status codes that the program will terminate
with.

  0.     The given words where found.

  1.     The given words where not found.

  127.   The file could not be opened.

# Usage

This program can be used in scripts in order to check for specific values  in output form other programs. The resulting status code from contains can then be used in order to run diffrent scritps  that  are  depending on certain condetions.

```
xrandr  |  grep ' connected' | cut -d' ' -f1 | contains DP1 HDM2 && $HOME/.screenlayout/setup.sh
```

Commit message:

Added installation instructions and correcte -f flag help message

README.md, after:

# Contains

Contains - A command line tool to check if words exists in a text.

# Synopsis

```
contains [ OPTIONS ] < WORDS >
```

# Description

Contains  is  a  command  line tool to check if given words exists in a text and return a exit code depending on the result. It is  created  in order to simplify bash scripts.

# Installation

*On linux*

Clone the repository and cd into it.

```
git clone git@github.com:eric-von-knorring/go-contains.git
cd go-contains
```

In order to install the binary and manuall pages run.

```
sudo make install
```

# Options

```
  --any  Exit with status code 0 if any of the words matched.

  -f, --file
        Reads from file instead of standard input.

  -h, --help
        Prints help text for youtube-search.
```


# Exit Status

The  following are all the status codes that the program will terminate
with.

  0.     The given words where found.

  1.     The given words where not found.

  127.   The file could not be opened.

# Usage

This program can be used in scripts in order to check for specific values  in output form other programs. The resulting status code from contains can then be used in order to run diffrent scritps  that  are  depending on certain condetions.

```
xrandr  |  grep ' connected' | cut -d' ' -f1 | contains DP1 HDM2 && $HOME/.screenlayout/setup.sh
```
